Great work! In this lesson,
you've seen a high level overview of the concepts behind ROS.
We looked at how the ROS master,
ROS's functions as a parameter server.
And how it enables node to be connected over topics.
Also, you've seen how ROS nodes communicate over
these topics using Message Passing and Services.
This pops up architecture is a powerful and flexible design paradigm,
that will allow you to build a variety of robotics applications.
Additionally, you've explored The [inaudible] and Package.
Using ROS's powerful command line tools.
These tools will help you build and debug ROS based systems going forward.
Next, you will learn how to build a basic cross package called "Simple Art".
For real world robotics applications,
you will always start by creating a new workspace,
and then adding software packages to it.
Which is exactly what we're going to do in the next lesson.